We've got to be in a mental state where
we're playing offense and not defense.
You've got to be in this place that
you're thinking, "What if everything
goes right?" If we're starting with what
if everything goes wrong, you're playing
defense. You've lost before you're even
out of the gates.
>> What are the first principles of great
products?
>> I think great products in the consumer
world
speak to us on some deep level. They
they speak to some human instinct or
need that we've been feeling and it's
been unexpressed or unmet. When we first
experience that, there's something
magical to it that it could be an
unlock. And lots of times it's it's
where we're most cynical that we're
ready for the most magic. But I found
that if if a product speaks to you, or
at least this is my experience, if a
product speaks to me and it makes it on
the front of my iPhone, I think it has a
billion dollar stick value. Or maybe I
should update that. That's what I
thought 15 years ago. Now maybe it's
>> trillion.
>> Two at least two billion. But but if
it's enough to be on the front of my
iPhone,
to me, that's saying a lot. Like that
I'm going to use it more than once. a
new app that's so seldom and and the
front of my iPhone is I could go get and
show it to you, but it's half empty. So,
I still think that there's so there's so
few
at least digital consumer products that
that give us that magical experience
that that we feel compelled to use every
day.
>> You have a system for sort of proving
ideas before you know that they're going
to work. Really? Talk to me about that.
How do you do that?
>> I'm looking for real heat around an
idea.
>> What does heat mean?
>> Heat is something that you know it when
you see it. It's It's kind of like being
really in love with somebody. When
you're when you found your person, you I
believe you know it. And then every
other one that was not quite your
person, you're not sure,
>> right?
>> And heat is the same thing. And it's
like you want to see heat. So you're
looking for signs of heat and you're
like look at this click-through rate or
look at this. But it's not heat. When
you have heat around the product,
everything says heat and you just know
it. It's part of what I call true
signal, right? It's this. When you have
true signal, we all know it. You don't
need anyone to tell you. And when you
don't have true signal, you need lots
and lots of stats and other things cuz
you're like, is this the signal? Isn't
it? It's not. But when you see heat in
another product or and even better, when
you see heat in your own, it's like
Christmas morning. Like everything
lights up.
>> Were you always playful? Yeah, I grew up
in a family that was very competitive
around these kind of, you know, family
social games like charades and Scrabble
and Trivial Pursuit.
>> Competitive like tipping the board over
if you lose
>> almost like my dad was very playful and
into games and
so much so that uh he first did this and
then we all did. we'd start to change
the rules if we thought the games
weren't made right. The best one was in
Scrabble. It kind of sucks that there's
this luck of the draw on your letters.
>> And my dad made this rule that you could
take a letter from your your little
tray. Thank you.
>> And change it out with a letter on the
board as long as it still made a word,
>> right? So you could put an O for an A.
And then you had to reuse that letter in
the same turn. And so my dad sometimes
would take a half an hour for a turn and
all these intricate things, but it made
it more you had more dimensionality,
you know, to games and it added a whole
dimension.
>> You had a falling out with your dad and
that seemed to be one of the pivotal
early moments in your life. What
happened? My dad, we all kind of played
a role in his movie and he loved being
in a fraternity in college and it was
like defining for him and he wanted me
to do that. I wasn't into the fraternity
and they weren't into me either. It was
like mutual and and I initially went to
this Big 10 school, University of
Michigan and I was just not in the right
place in any way and I just was not on
lots of fronts becoming the kind of man
that my dad wanted me to be. He wanted
me to be just like him. this got more
and more tense and our family was on a
sailboat uh in the Caribbean in the
Virgin Islands and we was bear boating
so it was just us crewing and my we had
grown up sailing and my dad was the
worst sailboat captain ever. I mean just
famously like epically bad captain like
we would get stuck on a sandbar because
he didn't read the tides right you know
we were in this harbor in uh this island
Virgin Gorda and the keel got stuck and
we always had something go wrong and the
boat was going in circles and headed
eventually for this like rock barrier
and I got in the dinghy and I turned on
the engine and grabbed the rope and I
pulled the boat into the slip and save
the day. And my dad was furious and he
said, "You could have killed us all and
there could only be one captain." And
you know, I think he was also a little
humiliated. And that escalated to this
bigger fight. And he said, "I was going
to wait until after this trip, but I've
decided to take you out of college to
finish raising you." And I said, "Fuck
you. Bye." And I left right there. I
went and rented a C plane and flew away
and and I also had transferred been
accepted to transfer to Wharton
University of Pennsylvania from
Michigan. And so then I just uh packed
up my car and left and drove to Penn.
>> So after school you had some formative
experiences at sort of Bane and you
worked with John Malone. I'd love to
spend a few beats on those.
>> Sure. I had all these great experiences
in my 20s. Um, really amazing, but they
were all kind of despite myself because
I I had these kind of fatal flaws as an
employee. One is I'm terrible at
interviewing
because of this like overindexing desire
to be honest more than to please the
interviewer even though I wanted to get
these, you know, highpaying jobs. Um, so
getting out of college, I was the only
kid in my section to graduate without a
job. And then I got was lucky enough to
get a 15minute interview with TCI, John
Malone's company, the biggest cable
company in the country. And I
interviewed with Brendan Clus, who was
the president, and and he said, "Why do
we need a second MBA here?" There's
20,000 employees, and they had one other
MBA they'd hired 10 years earlier. And I
said, "Because I read this book by this
guy, George Gilder called Microcosm, and
I think that your company is positioned
for this coming, you know, information
superighway." There's no internet yet.
And I said, "There must be all these
deals, other things you could do besides
cable, and I can go do that." And he
said, "Well, it's funny you say that.
We're having dinner with George Gilder
tonight." was like a direct hit and then
they called down to their head of
corporate development and he had a
cardboard box called non-cable and they
gave me the box. So that was my job. But
then I had I had a few career limiting
meetings with Malone where I was so
proud they at one point TCI was going to
buy a third of Prodigy. It was the
biggest
>> Yeah.
>> online provider at the time and it was
terrible. Wasn't AOL around this time?
>> Yes. And AOL had just gone public and
was worth 110 million. Prodigy, this
deal was to pay 400 million for a third
of Prodigy, which Sears and IBM owned.
And I came back and I said, "Why don't
we just buy this company AOL? They're
public. They're way better. It was 110
million and nobody
liked that." And then they had another
deal, this other public company. They
were going to put a bunch of money in.
And I said, "Not only should we not
invest or take take equity in this
company, we should short their stock cuz
they're just going to go straight down.
They have no capital." And Malone said,
"I don't need some wet behind the ears
MBA telling me what's a good deal, you
know." And my boss, who's the head of
corporate development, was just like
shrinking in the corner. So then, yeah,
Bane, I got this great deal for a summer
job at Bane when I was at HBS that
they'll pay for your whole next semester
is $25,000. It's like, I'm in. And they
said, 'We want to bring in
entrepreneurial banking people. I said,
'Great, that's me. And and it was like
the movie Stripes because my boss left
after like the first couple weeks and
they said, "We think you can do this
project on your own." And it a long
story, but they they had this graph in
the company that Mitt Romney had first
made that said they probably still have
it. It says if your relative market
share is high enough, your return on
sales, your margin will be high, which
is basically saying you can have like
more monopolistic pricing or
oligopolistic. I proved that in the
snack industry
it breaks. So I presented, no one had
checked my work and I presented near the
end of the summer to like the partners
and all the summer associates and I was
so proud. I thought they'd make me a
partner. This is like, you know, 1991.
And I figured out like the PowerPoint
animation. I showed their graph with a
flashing X in it. I said, "Look, the
graph is wrong. This doesn't work.
>> It's like going to church and being
like, I don't believe in God."
>> Yeah. Look, Jesus never existed. Look, I
can prove it. I should be head of this
religion. So, most people had walked out
by the time I was done with my
presentation. And uh and then they just
stopped talking to me for the rest of
the summer. And I was I was really proud
that I was one of two summer associates
in the history of the firm that they
asked not to come back, you know, by
partway through the summer. So, a lot of
evidence was building up that I was not
employable.
>> At 28, you realize you're not getting
the results you want. Things aren't
working out. You find yourself in a
synagogue again. Walk me through what
was going on. Paint the picture for me.
I just felt like I'd made a lot of bad
career decisions and
I was washed up early. There was
nothing. There's no next thing this was
headed towards. And I don't know why,
but I just maybe I wanted a place to
think. And I and I just sat there in
this temple. I didn't know anybody. I
didn't understand anything. It was just
a good place to sit and think. And I
just started writing in a notebook about
why my life sucked so badly. And I just
ended on like this one thing that I
smoked cigarettes. I didn't even smoke
smoke. I smoked like one or two a day, a
pack a night if I was at a bar on the
weekends, but I hated it. And my clothes
smelled like it. And it just and I
didn't want to do it, but I kept doing
it. So it was this sense of like my life
was a little out of control and and I
just was like if I could do one thing to
like know that I'm making some positive
change in my life, I'm going to quit
smoking. So on October 19th um 1994,
I did a lifetime quit on cigarettes. And
then every day for that year after that
that I didn't smoke, uh it was I could
something I could feel good about. Well,
at this point, you had like huge
ambitions that weren't being realized
and you're you're evaluating your life
effectively. Yeah. With honesty
>> and it wasn't coming up good.
>> And so you you reflect, you have that
one year, you don't smoke, you stop
smoking, you prove to yourself every
day.
>> Yeah.
>> That you're sort of in control of your
circumstances in a lot of ways.
>> And then you do it again. You call this
your book of life.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh and you've done it every year since.
>> Yeah. I think that a practice like the
book of life, what it's done for me and
I think it could do for a lot of people
is just
be strategic about your life. Like be
thoughtful about like I like say what
would your future self thank you for
doing this year. We can be strategic,
hold ourselves accountable and and force
ourselves to make some tougher
decisions. now because you know you'll
thank yourself later. And right around
the time I was brainstorming on the side
with this guy Sil Paul. Sunil was the
only internet product manager, the only
internet employee at AOL. So it turned
out the one good thing about being in DC
is there was this company AOL there and
they had one guy who was focused on the
internet and had the same kind of crazy
bug I did. And so we started talking and
we came up with this kind of uh
you know peanut butter and jelly idea
that like he wanted to build hardware, I
wanted to build software, but we both
want to make the internet easier for
people. And so we were like, "Okay,
can we start with software and then
eventually get to hardware?" And he
said, "Okay." Sunil and I got the
company going. We each put in 60,000.
>> This is freeloader, right?
>> 30,000. Yeah. 30,000. 60 total. Yeah. It
was called freeloader.
>> And you guys sold that company for 38
million, was it?
>> Yeah. And then um everything possibly
everything that could have gone right
went right.
>> Do you feel like you were lucky?
>> Uh yes. I I definitely think I'm so
aware of the fine line
between success and failure, especially
on your first company. And and and it's
so it pains me how much founders and es
especially I see it in men, not all men.
And I have four sisters and a bunch of
daughters. But I would say I see it in a
lot in men and and friends, college
friends, people I've grown up with that
if they had an initial failure, if they
had failures, they get attached to it
and they start feeling defined by it and
and it would have been me too, but it
wasn't.
>> Do you have any advice for people in
that position where they're sort of
maybe attached to it? We've got to be in
a mental state where we're playing
offense and not defense. And I don't
know how you're going to get yourself
there, but you've got to be in this
place that you're thinking, you're also
thinking, "What if everything goes
right? What does right look like? How am
I ready for everything going right?" If
we're starting with what if everything
goes wrong, you're playing defense and
you've lost before you're even out of
the gates.
>> The sponsor of this show is Coin Shares.
While most of the industry was still
arguing about whether digital assets
were legitimate, Coin Shares was quietly
building the infrastructure to invest in
them properly. They now manage over 6
billion in assets and have stayed
profitable through every market cycle.
Fully regulated with the kind of
transparency and governance that serious
investors actually expect. Whether it's
crypto ETFs, active strategies, or
Bitcoin mining ETF exposure, you can
access all of it through your existing
brokerage account. Coin Shares, the
adults have arrived. Learn more at
coinshares.com. This is not investment
advice.
>> You're in meetings all day. You're
trying to stay present, but you're also
worried you'll forget the decision, the
action item, the important next step.
That's where Granola comes in. Granola
is an AI powered notepad for meetings.
You jot down rough notes like you always
do, and in the background, Granola
transcribes and turns them into clear,
useful notes when the meeting ends.
There are no bots joining your calls, no
distractions, just a clean notepad that
helps you focus. During or after the
call, you can chat with your notes. You
can ask Granola to pull out action
items, help you negotiate, make a
decision, write a follow-up email, and
so much more. I even use it when I'm
listening to podcasts. Once you try it
on a first meeting, it's hard to go
without. Head to granola.ai/shane
and get 3 months free with the code
shane. That's granola.ai/shane.
Skip a few beats after Freeloader for a
second and come to tribe.net. So, you
have the right instinct for a social
network and then you meet Zach
and he's got the right idea for a social
network.
>> Talk to me about that tension and you
didn't change course after meeting that
even though you realized it. I think we
all know f we've all seen founders like
this that are just they're so attached
to this idea that they're going to go
down with the ship. It's we've also seen
people in bad relationships like this,
right? So it is like a bad relationship
and you're you have a friend and they're
coming to you for the eenth time with
this another version of the same thing
and you're just like h this is not going
to end well. Right? And we've and that's
so many of us with our startups.
>> You can't see it because you're in it in
a way, but you
>> almost do know it. Yeah. I like to say
that with tribe, I had three winning
instincts and one losing idea. We learn
over time hopefully as founders that our
instincts are almost always right and
our ideas are usually wrong. And so that
is a really powerful
that's a powerful philosophy and and
tool if we can hang on to that and
really use that. And so I had this
instinct I called a cocktail party and
it started with Napster and Sean Parker
worked for me at Freeloader when he was
16 amazingly and sent me an email when
he started Napster with Sean Fanning and
I was the first check into Napster
because he said we have like two servers
and they're full and we need money for
more servers and you always just send
money when someone says that in consumer
that's rare but Napster was this
cocktail party where we could connect
with each other with nobody in between.
And to me, that was the beginning of
this social web of we're the nodes.
We're connecting this peer-to-peer
web. And and then Reed and I, Reed
Hoffman and I were during this nuclear
winter for consumer internet after the
dot crash, we were there was like six of
us who were still excited about consumer
internet and we would get together and
re coin the term web 2.0
and it was this idea that like anything
on the internet that can be free will be
free starting with data and we got to
set the data free. But so we both came
to Friendster at the same time and we
just thought it was the perfect science
experiment. We didn't think it was a
real business and we both put in the
first money because we thought it was
such an important experiment. Fster in a
month started to really work and at the
same time we were working on our own
social networking ideas and Reed was
close to launching LinkedIn but Fster
was the first thing I saw work and
didn't copy it didn't fast follow it and
Jonathan Abrams was very paranoid about
any of us as investors doing anything
close in fact he doesn't speak to me to
this day he feels like tribe. He feels
like we all kind of usurped and stole
his idea for social networking by doing
what we were doing. And it's not like I
learned anything
in particular from Fster
that everyone didn't see within, you
know, months that it was working. It was
really successful. And so I thought,
Tribe, it's Craigslist. You know,
Craigslist meets Fster. I got trust
completely wrong. I mean, like
so wrong, it's unbelievable. But for
some people, it wasn't. For extroverts,
for Burning Man people,
uh they loved it. But for most of
mainstream people, it was wrong. Zuck
came through my office with Sean Parker
um about a year after I started Tribe
and I was already I think struggling
because I had amazing virality and I had
amazing user growth and I had terrible
retention
and should have told me something but it
didn't. It was like a sinking speedboat
which a lot of viral apps became. you
know that we kept putting new users in
at amazing rates and we'd lose them at
amazing rates. And the real answer to
sinking speedboat is to fix the hole in
the bottom, you know, not go faster,
more people. So, Zuck and Sean Parker
came through and I saw they got it right
and and I think it was my ego and and
the kind of morality at the time that's
still there, not as much around the
culture of startups and internet that
you don't copy people. Um, and so I
wasn't going to go do the exact thing
that they had done. I wasn't even going
to take the insight that was so clear to
me that I gotten trust wrong, which at
this point Fster, LinkedIn, Facebook all
were proving the trust thing and I just
wasn't going to do it. And so I just
stuck with the same losing
>> double down on the losing strategy.
>> Yeah.
>> Double click on copying and sort of how
you think about that.
>> Copying sounds bad. You don't want to
copy someone's homework. You don't want
to copy someone's work. It's like
stealing sounds bad.
But then we juxtapose that with like
Steve Jobs, he has famous quote like,
you know, great artists copy and the
masters steal, right? Like the the best
artists steal. And so in the context of
Steve Jobs or the best designers who say
I was inspired by, we're okay with it.
But but then we can see other people
copy something and there's something
icky about it, right? And I think it
comes down to there's a certain
aesthetic that we feel of is it just
copying and blatant copying or did you
add something to the conversation? Have
you innovated on some important front?
Have you moved the world ahead on some
front? From this concept and and the
failure of tribe, I ended up getting to
this uh framework at Zingga that I
called proven better new. Um and it's
based on my philosophy that you have
winning instincts and losing ideas. And
the problem is that I see with so many
products and founders is that they're
losing for the wrong reason. So they're
losing because they didn't just stick to
their one isolate their one area of
innovation. They tried to reinvent every
single part of their product. And you
don't have enough time to make every
single part of your product better. And
and what does better even mean? So So
the concept of proven better new was it
was much easier to implement in games
where you have lots of features and
functions and mechanics and components.
But it's true in any product, consumer,
enterprise, businessto business. I mean,
Slack is a great example of proven,
better, new. It's the idea is take
something proven for this audience and
this function and this platform. So
before Slack, there was a product we
used at Zingga and other enterprises
called Hip Chat, which was an enterprise
chat product with channels and stuff
like that. And so so proven means these
things are proven and what's proven you
should legally copy. Like you should
don't mess with anything that's proven.
You may not even understand why that
works. Better is is there something
about that product that 10 out of 10
users would say you could do better.
Okay. So for Zinga Poker,
our proven was poker games. We didn't
mess with the rules of poker. We didn't
We copied what the best, you know, real
money gambling and other poker games
looked like. The table, the dealer, the
cards, the sounds, just copied it and
you can move much faster. Legally copied
it. You don't take someone's art or But
better for Zinga Poker was no download.
Okay. Why do we have no download?
Because we had no security issue. We had
no security issue because there was no
real money. Real Money Gambling needed
you to download something for security.
So, how do I know 10 out of 10 users
want no download? They vote with their
clicks. You lose at least half your
users every click. Every time you say
click here, half people don't click. And
you lose 80% when you say download this.
At least that's probably 90 or more. 90%
or more in the app store. And so I knew
that was better, like statistically
proven
better people. But better is usually
half price or free or no download. It's
it's something very mundane and basic
usually.
>> What was Tinker Poker? Part of the
better was you put images on too around
the table.
>> That was new.
>> Oh, that was new. Sorry. Yeah. Okay.
>> So what you I like to say to people what
you think is better is actually new. The
new in Zinga poker was pictures of real
people often your friends and my
philosophy which may sound
anti-inovation but it's actually in
service of innovation is all new fails
until it finally doesn't and at Zinga
today the mantra inside the company is
still all new fails if you assume all
new fails you probably won't be let down
okay it doesn't mean you don't do new of
course not it means you take a different
approach to new which is you can't try
one new idea because it's going to fail.
You can't try one new version of your
new idea. You have to try
many many variants of each new idea and
many new ideas and look and and look in
much smaller atomic units of innovation
for new. Um, and the best the masters of
consumer products know this like with
their eyes closed.
>> So part of proven better and new then is
being able to deconstruct what's proven
and what works cuz it's not always
obvious.
>> Yes.
>> What's the process for deconstructing
something?
>> Before you have the right to do better
or new, you need to be a PhD in what's
already proven. So, I remember at at
Zingga having a roadmap meeting with the
poker team and a newly minted product
manager proudly showed me the new poker
profile that he was going to launch. And
I said, "Okay, show me your PhD in
profiles. Show me what are the best game
profiles on mobile ever done and tell me
why." He's like, "I don't know." And I'm
like, well, you haven't earned the right
to change the profile if you're not an
expert. You can't you need to be the
world's leading expert in profiles,
poker profiles, mobile profiles, game
profiles. I want to see a war room full
of profiles. You need to care at the at
the pixel level before you have the
right. And that's what I mean by proven
and and deconstructing. And it's
deconstructing is an art form and a
science and it's and we should all get
better and better at it. If you want to
be a great product maker, you need to be
commit to a career of deconstructing and
just anytime a new product comes out
like be a student of yourself in that
experience and like what is it that
feels great or doesn't? And we have a
responsibility to our users like it's
sacred. And the more we take that really
like hold that up as our as our most
important purpose in this, the more
we're going to treat this with the level
of respect and care that that it
deserves and the more they're going to
feel that care and intention in our
product.
>> I want to talk about the abyss a little
bit. So after tribe and before Zingga,
you went into this this hole. Can you
describe how you felt? What was going
on?
>> Yeah, at some point I started calling
this place the abyss. The way I think of
the abyss is it's this place that we go
to as founders and entrepreneurs
after our thing, after it dies or it's
bought or it's over for whatever reason.
It's this amorphous
place that we are in our life that has
no structure. That's we're we've been on
this hamster wheel that of our career.
>> Plus, it's your identity, right? You're
a founder. You're running this company.
You're you have
>> Yeah. My dad used to call this in
between successes. He's like, you're not
unemployed. You're in between successes.
And but for us as founders, it's so
hard. This abyss is this usually dark
place because at first it feels great.
Maybe freedom. Oh my god, I've been
working so hard and now I can just sleep
in and I can now I can do all the things
I've wanted to do and couldn't. And
about a week or two later, maybe a month
later, it starts to dawn on you that I
may never find gainful employment again.
I mean, gainful meaning something I want
to do. I'm not gonna ever go work for
anyone else, so I'm not employable
anyway. So, I don't know if I'll ever
come out of this abyss. I've been in
this abyss sometimes for multiple years.
And it doesn't mean you're not working
on projects and things, but you haven't
found your thing. You haven't found the
thing. And it's maybe not the level of
you're not working on something with as
much passion and conviction as the thing
that you built that worked or went
public or didn't work but you loved it
and you don't know if you'll ever find
that again.
>> Do you think these periods like this
abyss is necessary for what comes next
in life? I'd like to think it's not
because they're long and painful and I'd
love to just have a short break and then
dive into the next thing and have it
work. But I don't know. I personally
don't know how to avoid it. I think that
the future state of all this is that we
all get to live in some way like Elon
that the ultimate vibe coding is life at
the speed of play and it's that you get
to have an idea and bring it to life in
some way for almost no capital and get
to instantiate your idea maybe not with
billions of capital. So, I do think that
there are going to be more and more outs
from this abyss and it's going to be
easier in a lot of ways, but I think the
abyss is for sure there for me and I
think it will be for most founders. And
so, all we can do is embrace it and have
more process. That's why my book of life
is helpful. I find finding lots of small
things to work on that are on maybe
going to unlock the passion thing. I I
got to Zingga. I was in the abyss and I
was I had just side projects that one of
which was a poker game. I was dabbling.
I was doing them all wrong. I was not
intense. I have a terrible work ethic
until I don't. You're either all in or
kind of like dabbling.
>> Yes, I just dabble and I'm terrible. I
just I'm like, I know I should be
putting time in this, but I'm not. I'm
not drawn to it.
>> What does it look like when you're
allin?
>> It's fierce. I think that that my all-in
has always been underestimated. So,
we'll get to like when I life when I
started Zingga, but the VCs didn't
believe like I'd already been successful
and made all this money and they just
were like, "This is a lifestyle thing. I
don't buy that you're going to really
work hard like a 25year-old or a
30-year-old
>> cuz you were 40 when you started Zinga.
>> 41.
>> When I was all in with Zingga, I was a
maniac. I mean, I just I didn't want to
stop. I didn't want to sleep. I It's all
I wanted to do all the time. And it was
the ultimate high because there was
always something more I could do. So you
are in the abyss and you come out of it
and you have I mean by all objective
standards all this money and success and
you want to go do it again. Why did you
do that with Singa? Part of what I
deeply realized in that abyss. As
founders we may or may not be faced with
having to answer our why. So, my why I
got to is like what I can offer the
world is building products that move
people and and I'm going to be the most
happy doing that. And I don't know if
I'll ever get to do it again, but I'm
going to try to get there. And I I was
looking for this way to get back to
building again. um even though Tribe was
an abject failure. And I got there um
with this little poker game and it was
really fun and it started to take off in
ways right away and it was one of these
like lightning in a bottle things that
it just worked and everything about it
worked. But also, I think I think I've
gone through this like success beatdown,
success beatd down. And I think I had to
be so beat down with tribe to be so
unambitious to start Zingga.
>> What was the big idea with Zingga?
>> Well, I love these markets and they're
all around us where we think they're
mature and over and they haven't even
started yet. And that was search before
Google. You know, Google was the 56th
search engine. It was a mature, slow
growth business. Google made us
reimagine what search could be in our
lives and obviously turned it into a
trillion dollar company value. And games
was the same thing. In 2007, the whole
video game industry worldwide was like
$23 billion. It was mature, not
interesting. And yet there was, I
believe, this latent demand because
people like me, I I would have played
games if they were made accessible for
me and I didn't have to go be on
someone's couch or whatever it required.
And so I thought games
had this this opportunity to be
something one of the most important
activities on the web. I started saying
play could be this one of the core
things that we do in our digital life
stack or every day. And and I think that
what we got right with social gaming was
make it for the mass market, not for
gamers,
and give you enough value in it that an
adult would give themselves permission
to play. And the value came from asking
very little of you. So, we're going to
ask very little time from you and then
giving you something of value in your
life, not just entertainment. So, not
just being dead empty calories, but
actually you're here for this cocktail
party to do social networking. What if
in our game we give you a new dimension
to your social networking that can
improve a relationship in your life?
We're not going to hit that every day,
every session. But what if we get there
once a week or once a month or once
ever? And that became how we thought of
our innovation. And and then the second
thing that came into play for social
gaming with us was virtual goods, user
pay. And I remember actually when I got
to pitch our poker game to Steve Jobs
when they were just opening up the app
store and I showed him the demo of our
poker game and he yelled at his number
two guy Scott Forestall and said I told
you I don't want to see fake demo wear.
And Scott looked at me and he's like
you're not supposed to show anything
fake or you know this is supposed to be
live. I was like, "Steve, these these
are real users from MySpace, from
Facebook. Type something in the chat if
you dare, but I have no [__] idea
what they're going to say to you." And
then he was like, "Oh, that's cool." And
and then I thought, "Okay, maybe I could
like pitch him on User Pay." They didn't
have user pay when they launched the app
store. There was no in-app purchase.
There was a paid app store and a free
app store, and you'd have to buy a
version of our poker with chips. And so
I tried to pitch him on inapp purchase.
We were one of the first companies in
the western world to do this inapp
purchase thing, this virtual goods
thing. And so that was the other part of
the rocket ship that we got to mass
market. We made this something useful
for adults and we had this user pay
model that could monetize your
engagement instead of trying to show you
an ad and getting you to leave the game
to go somewhere else. It actually the
more engaged you were, the more likely
you were to, you know, spend money. We
were cash flow positive right away. I
I've never had that before. I put up
350K to start the company. And at that
point to be like 41 and starting a
consumer app company and doing it on
Facebook, it's like there was no dignity
in it. Like I think people were
embarrassed for me. It was like, Mark,
really? Like there's so much you could
do in the world. like go be a venture
capitalist, you know, like all my
friends had done or you've already been
successful. You don't have anything. You
don't have to prove anything. Why are
you doing this?
>> But you have a chip on your shoulder.
>> Yeah. Yes. I I'd say that I did and and
have. And I had a chip on my shoulder
that
I knew I could make these worldclass
apps. I knew I could make what I call an
internet treasure. What what John Door
called an internet treasure. And that
was my why. Soon after I started Zinga,
John Dor and Bing said to me, "The
greatest thing you could do is build an
internet treasure." Okay? And that's
what they called Google and eventually
like the iPhone and and what I attached
the tagline I attached was it's a
service you can't remember life before
or imagine life without. And I love that
vision and I said, "Yes, yes, yes,
that's what that's what I want to do."
And but I said, "Okay, this time I had a
chip on my shoulder. I had like the
multiple bad experiences with VCs. I
made this way harder for myself when it
should have been easy at this point to
raise money for Zinga. It was cash flow
positive. I was a multi-time, you know,
I was a two for three founder. Like one
sold, one public, one failed, right? And
I made it so much harder on myself. But
for for a reason, because I said, I'm
going to make sure everyone's aligned on
this trip, this road trip. And I think
that's one mistake we make as founders.
And another uh quote I like to say uh is
know your goal or suffer a death by a
thousand compromises. Because what I had
done my whole career and most of us do
is compromise to get that next engineer,
CTO, investor. You put a jerk on your
board because you impressed with their
firm name and the valuation and all your
friends are going to be impressed and
it's going to be so much easier. We make
all these compromises and contort
ourselves and eventually we wake up and
it's company we don't want to work at.
You're like, "Well, I guess I did what
was right for the company, but now it's
not the right place for me." And you
leave. And I'm like, "No, you're the
most valuable player. If it's not the
right place for you, we've you've
failed." The first round I raised
was impossibly hard. and and I got
caught in between a fight in a fight in
between Peter Teal and Sequoia and he
had just started Founders Fund and
Sequoia didn't like that and they were
mad at each other and Peter had said I'm
going to fund I want 5 million. He's
like, "I'll fund it." And I said,
"Great." And and then I went and I had
this meeting with Sequoia and it was
really funny meeting because I was
asking for 20 million pre and we were
doing 200,000 a month in free cash flow.
And they said, "How do you justify that
valuation?" Which at the time was a lot.
And I said, "If you care about this
valuation, this isn't the right deal for
you because this is either going to be a
multi-billion dollar company or nothing.
And it just won't matter." And now they
everyone thinks that way. Call options.
But I was like, if you're worried about
whether it's 15 pre or 20 pre, don't
play because you're looking for an
outcome that you're never going to see
that we're never selling this company
for 200 million is either like zero or
multi-billion. And they like that, but
then there was this fight between them
and Peter. And then they both ended up
not investing or and then we were
damaged goods. And then it was like out
of a scene from Silicon Valley the show
and I started meeting with all these
second tier VCs and eventually Fred
Wilson
and fun to meet with terrible terms like
15 million pre and but but I love Fred
and he negotiated a hard deal cuz he
could but and the funniest thing is I
never used the dollar I raised the whole
time. Zinga
>> was Farmville the first product that
really just instantly took off like
crazy. Well, there was like rocket
boosters. Okay. And each one went into a
bigger, you know, outer orbit.
>> So, it started with Zingga Poker and
then
>> Yeah. Mafia Wars Poker. They were they
were big, but nothing like what we saw
with Farmville. And Farmville was the
first time that we hit this like consu
mass market consumer tipping point where
lots of people knew about Mafia Wars.
But with Farmville, we hit this density
on the social network and the feed with
Facebook that something I think like 20%
of Facebook users were playing the game
and so it felt like 100% were. And that
then made it like what everybody it was
in the zeitgeist. And that's when social
gaming and Zingga kind of left
left orbit.
>> I wanted to see if an AI version of me
could actually hold its own. So I built
one with Hey Jen. Let's see if it was
paying attention. Hi Shane. Digital you.
Every book, every episode, every
newsletter. I've read it all. Try me.
Pick a book. I recommend constantly.
Tell me one idea from it that I actually
use. Annie Duke, thinking in bets
resulting.
A good decision can have a bad outcome.
A bad decision can get lucky. Judge the
process, not the result. You taught me
that one. I just remember it better.
Okay, that landed. That's Hey Gen.
Record yourself for 15 seconds and get
an AI avatar that delivers professional
video on demand. No camera, no crew, and
over 175 languages. Already used by 30
million people, including 85% of the
Fortune 100. Your first three videos are
free at heyen.com. That's h e ge.com.
Ever hit 3 p.m. and feel like your brain
just quit? For a lot of people, that's
not caffeine or sleep. It's
electrolytes. And water alone won't fix
it. That's why I drink Element every day
after lunch. Zero sugar, no dodgy
ingredients, just a real dose of sodium,
potassium, and magnesium. I know you're
all thinking electrolytes are for
athletes, but you don't have to be an
athlete to benefit from it. And it
tastes great. Stay sharp in the
afternoon and grab a free 8count sample
pack with any purchase at
drinklement.com/tkp.
That's drinklmnt.com/tkp.
You had a near-death experience with
Facebook and Zingga. Can you walk me
through what happened there and how you
navigated that?
>> The entire Facebook experience for
Zingga was a near-death experience. And
not just us, for everyone in their app
ecosystem, it was the least stable app
ecosystem ever imagined or invented. And
many companies did die in it. most um
there's only two companies that ever
actually survived out of it was Spotify
and Zinga. Um, and
I'd say my experience in building Zinga
and the reason I kept raising money even
though we were profitable was I felt
like I was on a fivetory high unicycle
and I kept adding another story. And it
was like whoa, it's be really far if we
fall now. And we didn't have any stable
there was not a stable platform. We
didn't have a stable agreement between
the companies. They could and would
change their platform all the time and
some low-level product manager who wants
to promote events would deprecate the
whole left rail of their homepage where
all the apps were like they'd be a
behind a more button and you're like,
"Oh my god, nobody can find us anymore."
You know, or it would just always be
moving. They had a move fast and break
things. Most of what they broke was all
of their app ecosystem. I would walk
their hallways every week trying to
convince them that games and apps were
this great business for them. And they
didn't believe it. They didn't think
that was what their platform was for.
And then eventually they did. And and it
wasn't even the 30% of revenues that was
the problem. It was they they walked in
and handed us terms that we couldn't ex
we would have been a captive company if
we had accepted these terms that they
>> and they threatened you too.
>> Yeah. And they said you have till they
gave it on a Friday and they said you
have till Monday to sign this agreement
or we're going to take down your apps
which was their right. Um, and that
could have happened the whole way
through and who knows what would have
happened because, you know, at this
point we were huge on their platform.
And at the point that they went public a
year later, um, they had to put in their
risk factors like the Zingga dependency
cuz we were like 20% of their page views
and 10% of their revenues
>> and a huge portion of the time spent on
the app.
>> Yes. Yes. Huge. Yeah. And I don't know
if they'd shut us down and people had to
navigate to, you know, zinga.com.
Uh we didn't want to find out. It was it
was really terrifying.
>> And they probably didn't want to find
out if you left, right? Like
>> Right. It was like
>> So you had this sort of weird situation.
>> Yeah.
>> You said the fastest way to get to a
winning idea is to sort of build a
failure machine.
>> So how do you determine whether your
ideas are winning or not and course
correct? because you might have the
right instinct, but like how do we touch
reality and get feedback from the world?
>> I got to failure machines through a lot
of failure, painful, slow failure.
I'd say when I when I came back to
Zingga as CEO for the second time, and I
had to move fast to make this turnaround
happen. I was going to start my fight
with our core franchises. And the CEO
before me had bet on all these new games
and this whole slate of games looked
like it was gonna fail and our
franchises had been neglected. And I
said, I'm gonna go back to Words with
Friends. People love that. I want them
to fall in love with that game again.
The game when I came back was projected
to do uh to drop from 120 million
revenues to 79 million in revenues um in
the next 12 months. And everyone was
saying, "Let's pull resources off. Let's
send the game to our team in India to
shutter it." And I said, "No, we're
gonna this is the beginning of the
turnaround. We're going to turn around
this game and then the whole company."
So I started meeting with that team
every week. We started going through
their app reviews and ratings. It's
amazing how dumb this [__] is, but the
ratings had fallen to like the mid-3s
from the high fours. So we would read
the ratings. I started and ended every
meeting with, "What will our players
thank us for?" And the team thought I
that was like an unfair question.
Eventually, we put a neon sign in the
lobby that said, "What will our players
thank us for?" And that might sound like
a weird place to get to to say, "How did
I get to a failure machine?" But it's
the right place to start is that what's
the intuition? What's the instinct? What
what do I know anecdotally is is broken?
Then how do I get to my ideas and rank
them? I don't just do anything. The team
had been working on this fast play. Now,
the problem was that this team was um a
bunch of mostly 20some dudes making g a
game for middle-aged women. That's the
first problem, right? So, they wanted
fast played. They said, "This game is
too slow. We want more adrenaline."
That's not why middle-aged women were
playing Words with Friends or Candy
Crush Saga. They actually wanted a zen
moment, a me moment. They wanted escape.
They'd spent six months on this,
hundreds of engineering days, and they
never really tested the top of the
funnel. And I said, "Well, what percent
of our players clicked on this?" And I
used to say, "We need like 25% minimum."
And they said, "Well,
we think we think we can get to 5%." I'm
like, "So, the best you can get to is
5%." What did you get in your click
test? And they said, "Well, we're
currently at about 1%."
So 99% of Words of Friends players
say no [__] way when you show them
this game and you're building this game.
I'm like that's a crime. That's that's a
crime to our players. So I said we need
to start at the top of the funnel. We
need to go to like what will they click
on? What do they want? What are they
going to hug us for? And it's probably
much smaller things. They don't want a
different game. They came here for this
game. and the team to their credit and V
who ran the team who ran on to become a
terrific uh product maker and he ran
product for Reddit. He shifted gears and
they did start test click testing
every day hundreds of ideas starting
with what will our core audience thank
us for and they got to one idea which
was uh weekly achievements and they
realized that these people playing want
to feel like they're getting better
every week and a huge percentage of
players clicked on it engaged with it
and because of V and the team and
committing to this failure machine. This
testing machine first game did 180
million in revenues did 100 million in
contribution. So it did more dollars in
contribution than they were projecting
would do in revenues and and that was
the beginning of the whole turnaround.
So I believe in failure machines and and
I would say how does that play out
today? I see too many founders get stuck
in what I call the MVP trap. And and I
love Eric Reese and he gave us this
whole body of work around the lean
startup. And and he and I have talked
about this and I know by MVP that he
meant he meant we have to move fast and
it was a mantra to move fast. But
unfortunately, too many teams waste time
getting to a minimum viable product that
they can put out in the market. And we
don't have time anymore for that. We
need a failure machine at the top of the
funnel. We need to get to a minimum idea
state that gets vibe coded. However the
[__] you get to something that gets the
idea across so that people say meh. So
the worst thing people can say is meh.
No is better. Meh is like ah
>> it's a seven.
>> Yeah, it's a it's a five to seven.
Exactly. And so we've got to we got to
get to a new standard. And I think we
are with AI where we we can get to the
gist of this and and I like to say build
it wrong before we don't have time to
build it right. Don't [__] build it
right. Build it [__] wrong and build
it fast. and don't make it viable.
Viable is the bad word. Let's take
viable off the table because we gota
because it's probably wrong. So, we
don't have time to build viable. Let's
build wrong
and see if it proves right. Then let's
build right.
>> What does founder mode mean to you?
>> Founder mode is why we became founders
in the first place. We were all expert
witnesses. We were all in one way or
another in these jobs where we were
closest to the answer and furthest from
the decision. We're all suffering under
the adults and now we get to be the
founder and hopefully you've positioned
yourself to be a complete founder and
have total agency and not be now under a
new boss. Your VCs, your board, your
employees that you're now like working
for in some false democracy. And I I
like to say to founders, you've gone
through so much to be here. You owe it
to yourself to bet on your instinct. You
owe it to yourself to lose because of
yourself. It's your right to be wrong.
You, as a founder, owe it to yourself to
control your own destiny and take half
the valuation if it's all of the
control. And it means you have the right
to do it your way. Doesn't mean you have
the right to be a jerk.
And if you are, people will leave.
You've earned this right to have your
own style and not a not have a CEO coach
that's going to like chop your balls off
or homogenize you to be like what you're
supposed to be. So you have your own
quirkiness and style and you and you
have your own bet the company moments
and the more you have that rope probably
the more you're going to want to learn
because you're going to be like holy
[__] I could [__] this up and no one's
going to stop me and that's awesome in
retrospect you know going through my own
founder mode the whole way and I thought
I was clear from the beginning with
Zingga and then I gave it up I there was
a moment where I gave up my voting
control. Even no, even before that,
there was a moment in in the fall of
2012 after we were public and we were
like a $2 stock. We were being sued.
We had made this one acquisition of uh
the company that made uh Draw Something,
which was the hottest game in the app
store until it wasn't
>> that was like the $200 million
acquisition. Okay. Pop or whatever it
was.
>> OMG Pop.
>> OMG Pop. Yeah. and and it failed right
at the time Supercell came out and they
had Heyday that was like a top game not
making a lot of money yet and they had
Clash of Clans that was like number 25
or 18 and it but it was amazing and I
had a handshake with Ila the founder and
CEO to buy the company for 400 million
in cash
and I went back to we easily had the
money and I went back to my board and
they said until you show us you can
manage what you've hot, you can't buy
anything else. So, it was very
patronizing. The board had gone from
like you walk on water to allow like
question everything you do. And
I had voting control and I went to the
lawyer who was actually I learned later,
not my lawyer, he was the lawyer to the
company and I said, "Can't I just
override them? I have voting control."
And he said, "Technically, yes. Really,
no." He said, "You could fire all the
board members and put in place who you
want and they might vote for your deal
and then you'll for sure be sued
personally
for I don't know why, but he said I'd be
sued personally for that. You'd be
personally liable." And I was like,
"Okay, okay, I won't do it." You know,
and Supercell made 500 million in profit
the next year. Um, and that was like our
Instagram moment, like when Facebook
bought Instagram. And it would have just
been a different trajectory. And if I
had had the conviction, Elon would have
just said, "Fine, sue me." Um, I didn't
have Elon's balls. There was moments
along the way. I didn't I didn't really
really stick to my founder mode. Okay.
But but I I love the concept and it's my
my own coaching in myself to to have
even more belief in myself.
>> What does false democracy mean?
>> It's false to believe that a company is
a democracy. The way I run the company
was what I called a democratic
dictatorship. And I said, I want
everyone everyone's voice to be heard
and then I'll be the single vote. And I
think that's the way a company should be
run. I think there's one CEO, there's
one chef. I think a good CEO is going to
seek out
the intellectual honesty, the truths
from everywhere and hear from everybody
and then they're going to make the
decision and they're not going to make
the decision because it's most popular
in the company. What would you say? Like
when I talk to people who work in
organizations, a lot of them hate their
bosses. Do you think that comes from
unclear objectives or where do you think
that comes from?
>> So many places. I don't really believe
in management but I believe in these
that we can have some principles or
hacks or things we do that are kind of
in place of having to manage. I don't
like I say every day I manage the day of
work and I think no one should really
have to manage or or feel managed. But
two things I'll say. Early on when I was
building my second company, support.com,
I I didn't know how to scale past we
were 35 people. I wrote I put a sticky
note on the wall. I wrote everyone's
names and I said, "By the end of the
week, write down what you're CEO of."
And it should be something everyone else
understands and believes is important. I
said, "Everyone's gonna be a CEO.
Everyone here needs to own something
that that matters." and that way we all
know what you're doing and we can all
get more done. And it really worked and
people liked it. So I learned this idea
like, oh, if I give people way more
responsibility than they think they
deserve, they're going to be a little
scared and they're going to feel some
adrenaline and they're going to probably
really like their job and not like it
because of the title or the money or the
accolades, but actually be challenged.
And so I learned that people like that.
That was one lesson that I carried on.
And at Zingo, we had this uh value on
the wall, be a CEO, own outcomes. The
other thing I learned early on about the
way engineers hate their jobs and and
hate their bosses is what I call the
moral contract. And when I first started
working with engineers, these guys,
Scott and Kadir, I saw how much the
engineers get screwed in these
companies. They're the ones who maybe
it'll change, but I don't think so.
They're the ones who have to work the
most hours and they constantly get
screwed because they build this whole
product and then the CEO doesn't the
salesperson doesn't sell it. The CEO
says, "You know what? I know I asked you
for that, but that was wrong. Now we
need something else." But they just took
this hill. They think they killed
themselves to do this. You owe it to
them. In the same way we owe our you we
have a responsibility to our users we
have a responsibility to our engineers
or our builders people who are in the
factory building and so I said there
there should be a moral contract if
you're going to take that hill I'm going
to show you that I am going to work just
as hard to unlock value out of the work
you did and that stuck with me and I
said if I can show you that I'm in the
trenches with you and I'm really valuing
your work and doing something. I think
you're going to feel better and you're
going to do more work the next time.
>> How do you separate people who were
along for the ride? Cuz you know, out of
the first 100 people a company hires,
they're going to have some mish hires.
So, how do you separate people who are
along for the ride and then take credit
for it versus people who actually
contributed it, made it happen? I think
that you owe it to in that moral
contract to your good employees to fire
the weak people. And they're not bad
people. They may be really smart. They
are not effective in your organization.
They are not taking hills. They I don't
care if they're working more or less
hours, hard or less, but you have
there's backbone people that are making
this thing work. And the more that you
act like socialism, communism, false
democracies,
the more you're you're crushing the
culture of meritocracy. I don't believe
in paying your dues. And the more that
you see people in organization who are
getting
promotions and title and pay that it's
not obvious to everybody else they
deserve, the more I think you're
eroding, you know, the the real culture.
Do you think one of the byproducts of
that is that politics start to take over
internally too?
>> There's so many things Yeah. that lead
to politics. And one lesson I learned
that really I I hate management. So I I
don't do one-on- ones. My friend Bing
told me that Jeff Bezos wouldn't ever do
one-on ones because it created politics
and it was a huge waste of his time. I
was like, I love that. No one ones. And
the whole point in style and politics in
a company is as long as you're
consistent, everyone shapes around it
and they don't care. They're like, "Oh,
Mark doesn't do one-on- ones. Don't take
it personally." So, I was like, "I'm
never doing one-on- ones." And if anyone
did finally get my ear and complain
about someone else, you stop, you call
the other person, and you say, "Hey,
Shane's complaining about you. I think
you should come up and talk to him." And
you walk away. And then everyone knows
there's no politics.
>> They stop complaining to you.
>> Yeah, they know to stop doing it to me.
I do it with my kids, too.
>> Double click on how you learned about
that, though. Like, cuz that sounds
counterintuitive and a lot of people are
doing it now. U Jensen's doing it. Jeff
did it. Like, what did you learn about
it? How did it start?
>> I was lucky enough to meet Bing Gordon
who was at EA. They were like our arch
enemy in the beginning. He was part of
the founding team there and he became uh
an advisor, board member, uh coach,
godfather of my kids and and he was on
the board of Amazon
>> for like 20 years, wasn't he? Yeah.
>> Yeah. And he gave me all this brilliant
wisdom indirectly from Jeff Bezos. So he
was like, "Let me tell you what Jeff
does." And I was like, "Oh, I love
that." I'd be taking notes. So it was
like, "What did you learn?" Well, one of
the best things I got was and eventually
I got to sit down with Jeff and he took
like he generously spent two hours
explaining to me his concept of tech
assistance which originally Andy Grove
was the first one to have a tech
assistant and then Bill Gates and then
Jeff Bezos and I learned about it and I
loved it and it's this nonscalable way
to scale your organization and it's
through like passing your vampire blood.
That's what inside Zinga they called it,
Pinkis' vampire blood. What he did that
I started to do is you pick someone from
the organization who's promising. I
usually pick the people who didn't fit
in the smart misfits and they become
your tech assistant which is not your
chief of staff, not your executive
assistant. They are like working.
They're your shadow. They go to every
meeting you go to and they are working
on just at least the way I interpret it,
they're working on just product stuff
for you. So if there's things that you
want to double click on, side projects,
things you want to research more, they
work on that and they mainly just go to
every meeting with you and they absorb.
You're doing these meetings anyway. It
becomes this really efficient way to
train up a mini me. And in fact, I
believe every seaff member at Amazon was
at one point Jeff Bezos's tech assistant
and Andy Jasse was and the CEO. So it
over time was actually an efficient way
to train up big leaders, you know,
product leaders. And so I started doing
that and and all my tech assistants were
great and went on to
be very successful as entrepreneurs. And
this kid Ian Cinnamon who was like I
fought I personally fought with Meta to
hire him. He was like the star recruit
from MIT and I said I'm going to
personally manage your career at Zingga
and he joined. I put him in poker and
within a year poker was trying to fire
him from the company and I met with him
and it was organ rejection cuz he was
too entrepreneurial. It was like me at
Bane,
>> right?
>> And I said, "Fine, pluck you out. You're
going to just work for me." And and he
worked for me and then I left eventually
and did an incubator. He worked for me
at that. Uh then he went off on his own
and now he has a I wish I had invested
in it. He has a really successful like
multi-billion dollar satellite launch
company. What do you think we're going
to look back on and say is obvious today
that we don't quite see in real time or
something that you think differently
about?
>> Anything that can be free on the
internet will be free. Anything that can
be less clicks, less friction will be
less friction. I think voice is one of
those places. And I know Reed Hoffman
had a great post about being voice pill
I don't know beginning of last year and
voice became a meme really hot beginning
of last year and then it died down but
and and I think a lot of these new
devices that people are working on are
all based on a voice interface but I do
think that voice will be the the biggest
thing that'll feel obvious that we
wasted so much time typing and texting
and reading and I think we're going to
turn on our our ears and our voices a
lot more.
>> We always end these interviews with the
same question which is what is success
for you?
>> Success for me is I don't think it's a
point in time or an achievement. I would
like to be spending my time building
products that I'm addicted to, I find
meaning in, and that millions of other
people find meaning in, and and
surrounded by um great talented people
who are
bringing their best.